{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21400\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#Manuscript Title: 
\f1\b0 The effects of elevation on spider species diversity and distribution in the Rocky Mountains\

\f2 \

\f0\b Year: 
\f1\b0 2025
\f2 \

\f0\b \'a0
\f2\b0 \

\f0\b #File Name: 
\f1\b0 cleaned.pards.co.csv
\f2 \

\f0\b #Description: 
\f1\b0 elevational characteristics of Pardosa wolf spiders in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado
\f2 \

\f0\b #Rows: 
\f1\b0 34, excluding header. Each row is a unique species of Pardosa wolf spider\

\f0\b #Columns: 
\f1\b0 15. 
\f3\i occ.bio1, occ.bio6, occ.bio11, co.mean.elev, co.max.elev, co.min.elev, pam.bio1, pam.bio5, pam.bio6, pam.bio11, binom, CO.sample.size, co.elev.breadth, co.mid.elev
\f2\i0 \

\f1 \'a0\

\f2 \

\f3\i #occ.bio1. average BIO1 across all occurrence records from GBIF\
#occ.bio6. average BIO6 across all occurrence records from GBIF\
#occ.bio11. average BIO11 across all occurrence records from GBIF\
#co.mean.elev. mean elevation of species collections in Colorado\
#co.max.elev. maximum elevation of species collections in Colorado\
#co.min.elev. minimum elevation of species collections in Colorado\
#pam.bio1. average BIO1 across all grid cells in which species was present in presence/absence matrix\
#pam.bio5. average BIO5 across all grid cells in which species was present in presence/absence matrix\
#pam.bio6. average BIO6 across all grid cells in which species was present in presence/absence matrix\
#pam.bio11. average BIO11 across all grid cells in which species was present in presence/absence matrix\
#binom. genus and species name of species \
#CO.sample.size. number of collections of species in Colorado that are in Ecdysis dataset\
#co.elev.breadth. difference between the maximum and minimum elevations at which the species has been collected in Colorado\
#co.mid.elev. mid-point between the maximum and minimum elevations at which the species has been collected in Colorado}